jerry is on the downlow
happened that time there is no
way to know nothing I don't know
what the bottom of the flea and
we're never going to get out of
the bottom if this keeps
happening yet trying to figure
it out
break I'd say we've had seven
crotch break so far this season
let's say that an average to
negotiate about five grand thats
$35,000 lost on the bike
the some force against me maybe
this is karma get anywhere
really hurts I catch my bus line
all the time now what doesn't
work I never seen so many
projects in my life
brand new RAM more brand new
everything we've been using
brand
breaks in a row out it's
ridiculous I don't know what to
do anymore if we don't catch a
fish I don't get a paycheck and
that's not OK Go Dreamliner
something on the bed gotta get
build barriers something that
doesn't want to catch tuna tuna
fish stocks losing among the
swivel connection every single
time everything on time with his
ailing leader mainline he's
breaking used every brand online
all the time contest the stuff
that's happening to us like I
don't know kinda bad juju we got
this is this shouldn't be
happening in socks
junior gremlin dude I'm telling
this pool is split into schools
cracked in half and $120 for
this warrantless tuna gramley
right there I've never I've
never seen that my life never
I've never seen that brand new
in the box price tag still on it
cracked in half
you can make it up you cannot
make it up they sent us a slinky
from japan is all they did
thanks a lot guys have abandoned
me